Which german inventor build the first computer?
Konrad Zuse
Which company produced the Amiga 500 computer?
Commodore
Which one came first: C64 or Amiga 500?
C64
Who's the inventor of the World Wide Web?
Tim Berners-Lee
Who invented HTML, the Hypertext Markup-Language?
Tim Berners-Lee
Who invented HTTP, the HyperText Transfer Protocol?
Tim Berners-Lee
Which company is responsible for most of the standards used in the World Wide Web?
World Wide Web Consortium
Is multiple inheritance possible in Java?
no
Is Java and JavaScript basically the same thing?
no
Which company distributes Java?
Sun
Which new Microsoft language is leading the .NET strategy of 2002?
C#
Microsoft's programming language VBasic is short for ...?
Visual Basic
Programming language BASIC is short for ...?
Beginner's All-Purpose Symbolic Instruction Code
Programming language C++ had which predecessor?
C
How many Bytes are 1 KiloByte?
1024
What does HTTP stand for?
HyperText Transfer Protocol
What does HTML stand for?
Hypertext Markup Language
XHTML is based on which open standard?
XML
What's the abbreviation of Extensible Markup Language?
XML
What is XML?
eXtensible Markup Language
Who invented Linux?
Linus Torvalds
Linus Torvalds is most famous for inventing what Operating System?
Linux
What's the color of Pac Man?
yellow
The Amiga 500 keyboard had wich color?
gray
Who produces the Pentium Processors?
Intel
Which of these figures is most common in the year 2002: a) 0.1GB HD, b) 10GB HD, c) 1,000GB HD, or d) 10,000GB HD?
b
Which hardware component is the most common input device, besides the mouse?
keyboard
Which hardware component is the most common input device, besides the keyboard?
mouse
Related to web site browsing, TTS stands for what?
Text-to-Speech
Who's heading Microsoft?
Bill Gates
Computer games "Populous" and "Black ?&? White" were invented by which game designer?
Peter Molyneux
Computer acr?onyms: LOL?
Laughing Out Loud
Computer acronyms: ROTFL?
Rolling on the floor laughing
Computer abbreviations: BRB?
Be Right Back
Computer abbreviations: BBL?
Be Back Later
Computer abbreviations: AFAIK?
As Far As I Know
Computer abbreviations: IIRC?
If I Remember Correctly
Computer abbreviations: IMO?
In My Opinion
Computer abbreviations: IMHO?
In My Humble Opinion
Computer abbreviations: ROTW?
Rest Of The World
Computer abbreviations: HTH?
Hope That Helps
Computer abbreviations: IRC?
Internet Relay Chat
Tim Berners-Lee is most famous for inventing what?
World Wide Web
Computer abbreviations: W3C?
World Wide Web Consortium
Computer abbreviations: SSL?
Secure Socket Layer
What's this byte number in the decimal system: 00000010?
2
What's this byte number in the decimal system: 00000011?
3
What's this byte number in the decimal system: 00000100?
4
What's this hex-number in the decimal system: FF?
255
What's bigger, bit or byte?
byte
Who visited Xerox PARC and got some ideas for the Apple Macintosh GUI?
Steve Jobs
Computer abbreviations: GUI?
Graphical User Interface
Computer abbreviations: MDI?
Multi Document Interface
Computer abbreviations: API?
Application Programming Interface
Computer abbreviations: XML?
eXtensible Markup Language
Computer abbreviations: DHTML?
Dynamic Hypertext Markup Language
Computer abbreviations: CSS?
Cascading Style Sheets
What is the abbreviation for Hypertext Markup Language?
HTML
Who invented HTML?
Tim Berners-Lee
What does W3C stand for?
World Wide Web Consortium
Is HTML4 deprecated?
No
On what syntax framework is XHTML based?
XML
On what syntax framework is HTML based?
SGML
What does element "em" mean?
emphasis
What does element "br" mean?
break
Which is the lowest heading in HTML?
h6
Are XHTML element names case-sensitive?
yes
Are HTML element names case-sensitive?
no
Can you seperate CSS by media?
yes
On which browser engine is Netscape 6 based?
Mozilla
Which of these formats should typically not be used in a webpage: GIF, PNG, BMP, JPG?
BMP
In Python, what's the command for "else if"?
elif
In Python, what's the command for a function?
def
In which programming language would the following appear: "#!/usr/bin/python"?
Python
In which programming language would the following appear: "from xml.dom.minidom import *"?
Python
As of 2002, is there a ternary operator in Python?
No
What's the name of Google's 2002 started service in which real persons answer questions for a price?
Google Answers
Altavista, Google, and Yahoo are ...?
search engines
What was the first computer made?
ENIAC
Who wrote Python?
Guido van Rossum
What Linux distribution provides the dpkg package management system?
Debian
What BSD distribution has claimed only two root holes in the default install in over seven years, yet has recently acquired many more and failed to mention it?
OpenBSD
If a pointer in C++ is allocated with new[], what is the corresponding deallocation keyword/function?
delete[]
What does msnp stand for?
microsoft service network protocol
Computer Abbreviation: DOM?
Document Object Model
What is the main board of the computer?
motherboard
What is the decimal number 3 represented in binary?
11
What does TCP stand for?
Transmission Control Protocol
What does IP stand for?
Internet Protocol
What is RFC an acronym for?
Request For Comment
In the Perl programming language, what type of variable is preceded by a "@" symbol?
array
What does HTML stand for?
HyperText Markup Language
Who stars as pregnant man in hollywood comedy "Junior"?
Arnold Schwarzenegger
What is the capital city of Canada?
Ottawa
What are you trying to do here?
Burning some time
what was the first horse to win the grand national and in what year?
lottery 1839
When is Independence Day in USA? ?a) June 3rd b) July 4th or c) May 2nd?
b
Who stars as "Dirty Harry"?
Clint Eastwood
Who wrote "Foucault's Pendulum"?
Umberto Eco
Who wrote "The Name of the Rose"?
Umberto Eco
Who wrote "The Perfume"?
Patrik Süskind
Who directed "Once Upon a Time in the West"?
Sergio Leone
Who directed "Birds"?
Alfred Hitchcock
Last name of american show host, Jay ...?
Leno
Last name of american show host, David ...?
Letterman
What's 12 times 7?
84
What's 5 times 300?
1500
What's 10 times 12 plus 4?
124
What's 23 plus 48?
71
What's 5 times 4 plus 2?
22
What's 2 times 14 plus 1?
29
What's 120 divided by 5?
24
What's the number of days in a week times 4?
28
What's 20 times 25?
500
What's 2 times 2 plus 222?
226
What's 14 times 6?
84
What's 4 times 6 plus 7?
31
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "Descriptive of the pleasing coolness on the reverse side of the pillow"?
abilene
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "A dispute between two pooves in a boutique"?
agglethorpe
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "One who collects ten-year-old telephone directories"?
aldclune
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "Of waiters, never to have a pen"?
aynho
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "Something which justifies having a really good cry"?
babworth
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "One of the six half-read books lying somewhere in your bed"?
ballycumber
According to "The Meaning of Liff",? what's the word for "That kind of large fierce ugly woman who owns a small fierce ugly dog"?
baughurst
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "The sort of man who becomes a returning officer"?
benburb
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "The fake antique plastic seal on a pretentious whisky bottle"?
brumby
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "A nipple clearly defined through flimsy or wet material"?
budby
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "People who just won't go"?
clunes
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "A leg which has gone to sleep and has to be hauled around after you"?
clun
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "The two little lines which come down from your nose"?
des moines
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "The most deformed potato in any given collection of potatoes"?
duddo
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "Mentally incapacitated by a severe hangover"?
duntish
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "The smile bestowed on you by an air hostess"?
ewelme
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the "Polite word for buggery"?
fairymount
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "The safe place you put something and then forget where it was"?
fiunary
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "The noise made by a light bulb which has just shone its last"?
fring
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "The puddle on the bar into which the barman puts your change"?
goole
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "To manoeuvre a double mattress down a winding staircase"?
harbledown
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "To deny indignantly something which is palpably true"?
hoff
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "The ancient Eastern art of being able to fold road-maps properly"?
kalami
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "The horrible smell caused by washing ashtrays"?
keele
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "A droplet which persists in running out of your nose"?
longniddry
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the "Celtic word for a computer spelling mistake"?
maentwrog
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "The secret pocket which eats your train ticket"?
nantucket
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "The kind of person who has to leave before a party can relax and enjoy itself"?
nubbock
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "An electrical switch which appears to be off in both positions"?
ockle
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "To cut oneself whilst licking envelopes"?
scramoge
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "A slurp of beer which has accidentally gone down your shirt collar"?
tulsa
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "Standing in the kitchen wondering what you came in here for"?
woking
According to "The Meaning of Liff", what's the word for "A 'yes, maybe' which means 'no'"?
yesnaby
What was German chancellor Gerhard Schröder's nickname when he played soccer?
Acker
Who said "Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new"?
Albert Einstein
Who said "Before God we are all equally wise -- and equally foolish"?
Albert Einstein
Who said "Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater."?
Albert Einstein
Who said "Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen."?
Albert Einstein
Who said "What I have to say is far more important than how long my eyelashes are."?
Alanis Morissette
Who said "It may be that our role on this planet is not to worship God, but to create him"?
Arthur C. Clarke
Who said "The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible"?
Arthur C. Clarke
Who said "It has yet to be proven that intelligence has any survival value"?
Arthur C. Clarke
Who said "Maybe this world is another planet's Hell"?
Aldous Huxley
Who said "We participate in a tragedy; at a comedy we only look"?
Aldous Huxley
Who said "Drama is life with the dull bits cut out"?
Alfred Hitchcock
Who said "I'm not against the police; I'm just afraid of them"?
Alfred Hitchcock
Who said "I prefer the wicked rather than the foolish. The wicked sometimes rest"?
Alexandre Dumas
Who said "How is it that little children are so intelligent and men so stupid? It must be education that does it."
Alexandre Dumas
Who said "The best way to predict the future is to invent it"?
Alan Kay
Who said "Airplane travel is nature's way of making you look like your passport photo"?
Al Gore
Who said "You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone"?
Al Capone
Who said "Abstract art: a product of the untalented sold by the unprincipled to the utterly bewildered"?
Al Capp
Who said "There are two means of refug?e from the misery of life -- music and cats"?
Albert Schweitzer
Who said "Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them?"
Abraham Lincoln
Who said "If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?"
Abraham Lincoln
Who said "Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power"?
Abraham Lincoln
Who said "I don't know why I did it, I don't know why I enjoyed it, and I don't know why I'll do it again"?
Bart Simpson
Who said "A sweetheart is a bottle of wine, a wife is a wine bottle"?
Baudelaire
Who said "Genius without education is like silver in the mine"?
Ben Franklin
Who said "The times they are a-changing"?
Bob Dylan
Who said "He who laughs last has not yet heard the bad news"?
Bertold Brecht
Who said "Neither fire nor wind, birth nor death can erase our good deeds"?
Buddha
Who said "Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action"?
Benjamin Disraeli
Who said "I never deny, I never contradict. I sometimes forget"?
Benjamin Disraeli
Who said "Seeing much, suffering much, and studying much, are the three pillars of learning"?
Benjamin Disraeli
Who said "Talk to a man about himself and he will listen for hours"?
Benjamin Disraeli
Who said "The best way to become acquainted with a subject is to write a book about it"?
Benjamin Disraeli
Who said "There are three kinds of lies: Lies, Damn Lies, and Statistics"?
Benjamin Disraeli
Who said "What we anticipate seldom occurs; what we least expected generally happens"?
Benjamin Disraeli
Who said "Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you"?
Carl Gustav Jung
Who said "Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves"?
Carl Gustav Jung
Who said "Everyone wants to be Cary Grant. Even I want to be Cary Grant"?
Cary Grant
Who said "In the end, everything is a gag"?
Charlie Chaplin
Who said "No Sane man will dance"?
Cicero
Who said "Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain -- and most fools do"?
Dale Carnegie
Who said "Fine art and pizza delivery: what we do falls neatly in between"?
David Letterman
Who said "The really frightening thing about middle age is the knowledge that you'll grow out of it"?
Doris Day
Who said "The most wasted of all days is one without laughter"?
E. E. Cummings
Who said "The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work"?
Emile Zola
Who said "Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered weak and weary..."?
Edgar Allen Poe
Who said "A lot has been said about politics; some of it complimentary, but most of it accurate"?
Eric Idle
Who said "Never mistake motion for action"?
Ernest Hemingway
Who said "The successful revolutionary is a statesman, the unsuccessful one a criminal"?
Erich Fromm
Who said "It isn't what they say about you; it's what they whisper"?
Errol Flynn
Who said "Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish"?
Euripides
Who said "Life is something to do when you can't get to sleep"?
Fran Lebowitz
Who said "I figure you have the same chance of winning the lottery whether you play or not"?
Fran Lebowitz
Who said "Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper"?
Francis Bacon
Who said "A prudent question is one half of wisdom"?
Francis Bacon
Who said "The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand"?
Frank Herbert
Who said "There is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe, and it has a longer shelf life"?
Frank Zappa
Who said "Evil is whatever distracts"?
Franz Kafka
Who said "In the fight between you and the world, back the world"?
Franz Kafka
Who said "If you gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you"?
Friedrich Nietzsche
Who said "You cannot teach a man anything; you can only help him find it within himself"?
Galileo Galilei
Who said " Knowledge is soon changed, then lost in the mist, an echo half-heard"?
Gene Wolfe
Who said "Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city"?
George Burns
Who said "If it weren't for electricity we'd all be watching television by candlelight"?
George Gobel
Who said "Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past"?
George Orwell
Who said "On the whole human beings want to be good, but not too good and not quite all the time"?
George Orwell
Who said "It is not enough to succeed. Others must fail"?
Gore Vidal
Who said "A man is only as old as the woman he feels"?
Groucho Marx
Who said "Behind every successful man is a woman, behind her is his wife"?
Groucho Marx
Who said "I don't care to belong to a club that accepts people like me as members"?
Groucho Marx
Who said "A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five"?
Groucho Marx
Who said "We will either find a way or make one"?
Hannibal
Who said "Every fool knows you can't touch the stars, but it doesn't stop a wise man from trying"?
Harry Anderson
Who said "God will forgive me. It's his job"?
Heinrich Heine
Who said "Experience is a good school, but the fees are high"?
Heinrich Heine
Who said "Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow"?
Helen Keller
Who said "Next week there can't be any crisis. My schedule is already full"?
Henry Kissinger
Who said "There is nothing permanent except change"?
Heraclitus
Who said "Older men declare war. But it is youth that must fight and die"?
Herbert Hoover
Who said "About the time we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends"?
Herbert Hoover
Who said "Too many pieces of music finish too long after the end"?
Igor Stravinsky
Who said "Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life"?
Immanuel Kant
Who said "You can't shake hands with a clenched fist"?
Indira Ghandi
Who said "Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome"?
Isaac Asimov
Who said "Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what's right"?
Isaac Asimov
Who said "Change before you have to"?
Jack Welch
Who said "Eighty percent of married men cheat in America. The rest cheat in Europe"?
Jackie Mason
Who said "A government is the only known vessel that leaks from the top"?
James Reston
Who said "The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that you've got it made"?
Jean Giraudoux
Who said "Age does not protect you from love but love to some extent protects you from age"?
Jeanne Moreau
Who said "If a man is talking in the forest, and there is no woman there to hear him, is he still wrong?"
Jenny Weber
Who said "Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die"?
Joe Louis
Who said "Marriage is give and take. You'd better give it to her or she'll take it anyway"?
Joey Adams
Who said "A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on"?
John F. Kennedy
Who said "Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names"?
John F. Kennedy
Who said "An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts"?
John Junor
Who said "Marriages are made in heaven and consummated on Earth"?
John Lilly
Who said "Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted"?
John Lennon
Who said "Time sneaks up on you like a windshield on a bug"?
Jon Lithgow
Who said "Everybody wants to live forever, but nobody wants to grow old"?
Jonathan Swift
Who said "Whatever one man is capable of conceiving, other men will be able to achieve"?
Jules Verne
Who said "From each according to his abilities, to each according to his needs"?
Karl Marx
Who said "Don't be afraid to give up the good for the great"?
Kenny Rogers
Who said "Be careful what you pretend to be because you are what you pretend to be"?
Kurt Vonnegut
Who wrote "Alice in Wonderland"?
Lewis Carroll
Who said "Since Eve ate the apple, much depends on dinner"?
Lord Byron
Who said "The limits of my language means the limits of my world"?
Ludwig Wittgenstein
Who said "I don't mind living in a man's world as long as I can be a woman in it"?
Marilyn Monroe
Who said "A classic is something that everybody wants to have read and nobody wants to read"?
Mark Twain
Who said "Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company"?
Mark Twain
Who said "Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere"?
Martin Luther King
Who said "Technology is a way of organizing the universe so that man doesn't have to experience it"?
Max Frisch
Who said "When you choose the lesser of two evils, always remember that it is still an evil"?
Max Lerner
Who said "Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I accomplish"?
Michelangelo
Who said "I live on good soup, not on fine words"?
Moliere
Who said "Seven days without laughter makes one weak"?
Mort Walker
Who said "I love children, especially when they cry, for then someone takes them away"?
Nancy Mitford
Who said "If you find yourself in a fair fight, you didn't plan it properly"?
Nick Lappos
Who said "The long term is really just a bunch of short terms taped together"?
Nick Lappos
Who said "The size of your problem is defined by your efforts to convince yourself that it's not a problem"?
Nick Lappos
Who said "Education is the state-controlled manufacture of echoes"?
Norman Douglas
Who said "A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies"?
Oscar Wilde
Who said "Biography lends to death a new terror"?
Oscar Wilde
Who said "People never lie so much as after a hunt, during a war or before an election"?
Otto von Bismarck
Who said "Don't let it end? like this. Tell them I said something"?
Pancho Villa
Who said "If there is a 50-50 chance that something can go wrong, then 9 times out of ten it will"?
Paul Harvey
Who said "In times like these, it helps to recall that there have always been times like these"?
Paul Harvey
Who said "Parents are the bones upon which children sharpen their teeth"?
Peter Ustinov
Who said "Never look at the trombones. You'll only encourage them"?
Richard Strauss
Who said "Anyone can be passionate, but it takes real lovers to be silly"?
Rose Franken
Who said "Nothing is wrong with California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure"?
Ross MacDonald
Who said "Friendship is like money, easier made than kept"?
Samuel Butler
Who said "Life is like music; it must be composed by ear, feeling, and instinct, not by rule"?
Samuel Butler
Who said "Man is the only animal that laughs and has a state legislature"?
Samuel Butler
Who said "The hen is an egg's way of producing another egg"?
Samuel Butler
Who said "Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar"?
Sigmund Freud
Who said "The great question--which I have not been able to answer--is, 'What does a woman want'"?
Sigmund Freud
Who said "When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth"?
Sherlock Holmes
Who said "An honest politician is one who when he is bought will stay bought"?
Simon Cameron
Who said "Black holes are where God divided by zero"?
Steven Wright
Who said "If a word in the dictionary were misspelled, how would we know?"
Steven Wright
Who said "Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers"?
T. S. Eliot
Who said "This is the way the world ends. Not with a bang but a whimper"?
T. S. Eliot
Who said "Stupid is as stupid does, sir!"?
Forrest Gump
Who said "Life is the flower for which love is the honey"?
Victor Hugo
Who said "For most of history, Anonymous was a woman"?
Virginia Woolf
Who said "If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people"?
Virginia Woolf
Who said "One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well"?
Virginia Woolf
Who said "God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh"?
Voltaire
Who said "If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him"?
Voltaire
Who said "I often think that the night is more alive and more richly colored than the? day"?
Vincent van Gogh
Who said "My loathings are simple: stupidity, oppression, crime, cruelty, soft music"?
Vladimir Nabokov
Who said "I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known"?
Walt Disney
Who said "Basic research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing"?
Wernher von Braun
Who said "What is now proved was once only imagined"?
William Blake
Who said "A joke is a very serious thing"?
Winston Churchill
Who said "He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire"?
Winston Churchill
Who said "Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it"?
Woody Allen
Who said "I don't want to achieve immortality through my work... I want to achieve it by not dying"?
Woody Allen
Who said "Brevity is the soul of wit"?
William Shakespeare
Who said "A man in love is incomplete until he is married. Then he's finished"?
Zsa Zsa Gabor
Who said "Husbands are like fires. They go out if unattended"?
Zsa Zsa Gabor
Who said "I never hated a man enough to give him his diamonds back"?
Zsa Zsa Gabor
Which president was taller: Ronald Reagan or Abraham Lincoln?
Abraham Lincoln
Which president was taller: George Washington or Theodore Roosevelt?
George Washington
Which president was taller: Harry S. Truman or Dwight David Eisenhower?
Dwight David Eisenhower
The flag of witch country is white, green, red?
Bulgaria
What is the father of Paulie Jr. in the show "Amercian Chopper"?
Paul Senior
Who stars as Joe Dirt in the movie Joe Dirt?
David Spade
Who stars as Tony in Stayin Alive?
John Travolta
who plays as "anna" in the 2003 movie "Fraeky Friday"?
lindsey lohan
What is 8 + 7 x 2?
30
What is the reason that ashley olsen went in to rehab as of 2004?
Aneroxia eating disorder
Who starts in Orgazmo as Orgazmo?
Trey Parker
Wh played Sam ( The Piano Player ) in the movie " Casablanca "?
Doolie Wilson
What is the thread with the most replies on Zgeek.com?
i confess
The nursery rhyme "Twinkle Twinkle little star" has exactly the same tune as what other nursery rhyme?
Baa Baa Black Sheep
whats the tallest building in south africa?
carlton centre
whos the president of south africa?
ms du preez
We're 5 Little Letters Of A Sort,? ?You'll Find Us All In A Tennis Court?
Vowels
Who was US President from 1789-1797?
George Washington
Who was US President from 1797-1801?
John Adams
Who was US President from 1801-1809?
Thomas Jefferson
Who was US President from 1809-1817?
James Madison
Who was US President from 1817-1825?
James Monroe
Who was US President from 1825-1829?
John Quincy Adams
Who was US President from 1829-1837?
Andrew Jackson
Who was US President from 1837-1841?
Martin van Buren
Who was US President from 1841-1841?
William Henry Harrison
Who was US President from 1841-1845?
John Tyler
Who was US President from 1845-1849?
James K. Polk
Who was US President from 1849-1850?
Zachary Taylor
Who was US President from 1850-1853?
Millard Fillmore
Who was US President from 1853-1857?
Franklin Pierce
Who was US President from 1857-1861?
James Buchanan
Who was US President from 1861-1865?
Abraham Lincoln
Who was US President from 1865-1869?
Andrew Johnson
Who was US President from 1869-1877?
Ulysses S. Grant
Who was US President from 1877-1881?
Rutherford B. Hayes
Who was US President from 1881-1881?
James A. Garfield
Who was US President from 1881-1885?
Chester A. Arthur
Who was US President from 1885-1889?
Grover Cleveland
Who was US President from 1889-1893?
Benjamin Harrison
Who was US President from 1893-1897?
Grover Cleveland
Who was US President from 1897-1901?
William McKinley
Who was US President from 1901-1909?
Theodore Roosevelt
Who was US President from 1909-1?913?
William H. Taft
Who was US President from 1913-1921?
Woodrow Wilson
Who was US President from 1921-1923?
Warren G. Harding
Who was US President from 1923-1929?
Calvin Coolidge
Who was US President from 1929-1933?
Herbert C. Hoover
Who was US President from 1933-1945?
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Who was US President from 1945-1953?
Harry S. Truman
Who was US President from 1953-1961?
Dwight D. Eisenhower
Who was US President from 1961-1963?
John F. Kennedy
Who was US President from 1963-1969?
Lyndon B. Johnson
Who was US President from 1969-1974?
Richard M. Nixon
Who was US President from 1974-1977?
Gerald Ford
Who was US President from 1977-1981?
Jimmy Carter
Who was US President from 1981-1989?
Ronald Reagan
Who was US President from 1989-1993?
George Bush
Who was US President from 1993-2001?
Bill Clinton
Bill Clinton was born in which US state?
Arkansas
Richard Nixon was born in which US state?
California
Jimmy Carter was born in which US state?
Georgia
Ronald Reagan was born in which US state?
Illinois
Herbert Hoover was born in which US state?
Iowa
Abraham Lincoln was born in which US state?
Kentucky
John Adams was born in which US state?
Massachusetts
John F. Kennedy was born in which US state?
Massachusetts
John Quincy Adams was born in which US state?
Massachusetts
George Bush was born in which US state?
Massachusetts
Harry S Truman was born in which US state?
Missouri
Gerald Ford was born in which US state?
Nebraska
Franklin Pierce was born in which US state?
New Hampshire
Grover Cleveland was born in which US state?
New Jersey
Franklin D. Roosevelt was born in which US state?
New York
Theodore Roosevelt was born in which US state?
New York
Martin Van Buren was born in which US state?
New York
Andrew Johnson was born in which US state?
North Carolina
James K. Polk was born in which US state?
North Carolina
James Garfield was born in which US state?
Ohio
Ulysses S. Grant was born in which US state?
Ohio
Warren G. Harding was born in which US state?
Ohio
Benjamin Harrison was born in which US state?
Ohio
Rutherford B. Hayes was born in which US state?
Ohio
William McKinley was born in which US state?
Ohio
William H. Taft was born in which US state?
Ohio
James Buchanan was born in which US state?
Pennsylvania
Andrew Jackson was born in which US state?
South Carolina
Dwight D. Eisenhower was born in which US state?
Texas
Lyndon B. Johnson was born in which US state?
Texas
Chester Arthur was born in which US state?
Vermont
Calvin Coolidge was born in which US state?
Vermont
Kyle was born in which US state?
california
William H. Harrison was born in which US state?
Virginia
Thomas Jefferson was born in which US state?
Virginia
James Madison was born in which US state?
Virginia
James Monroe was born in which US state?
Virginia
Zachary Taylor was born in which US state?
Virginia
John Tyler was born in which US state?
Virginia
George Washington was born in which US state?
Virginia
Woodrow Wilson was born in which US state?
Virginia
Which US President was assassinated in November 22, 1963?
John F. Kennedy
Which US President was assassinated in July 2, 1881?
James Garfield
Which US President was assassinated in April 14, 1865?
Abraham Lincoln
Which US President was assassinated in September 6, 1901?
William McKinley
Which US President escaped an assassination attempt in March 30, 1981?
Ronald Reagan
Which US President escaped an assassination attempt in November 1, 1950?
Harry S. Truman
How old was Bill Clinton when he became US President?
46
How old was Franklin D. Roosevelt when he became US President?
51
How old was Jimmy Carter when he became US President?
52
How old was Benjamin Harrison when he became US President?
55
How old was George Washington when he became US President?
57
How old was Dwight D. Eisenhower when he became US President?
62
How old was George Bush when he became US President?
64
How old was Ronald Reagan when he became US President?
69
How old was Herbert Hoover when he became US President?
54
How old was John F. Kennedy when he became US President?
43
Who invented the formula E=mc2?
Albert Einstein
Who invented the Relativity Theory?
Albert Einstein
What is 12*9?
108
Which planet is named after the Roman goddess of love.?
Venus
What do you call the point in a lunar orbit that is farthest from the moon?
Apolune
Geologists study the Earth.? ?What do selenologists study?
The Moon
What do you call the reflecting power of a planet or satellite, expressed as a ratio of reflected light to the total amount falling on the surface?
Albedo
Where is the "Sea of Tranquility" located?
Moon
What's the smallest planet in our solar system?
Pluto
What's the studies of UFOs called?
Ufology
What was the first spacecraft to photograph Mars?
Mariner 4
A group of what animal can also be called a draught?
Fish
What's the name of animals that eat insects?
Insectivores
Invertebrates are animals that don’t have a ...?
backbone
What lived on Earth for around 165 million years before it became extinct?
Dinosaurs
How many hours does it take for a newborn swan to peck its way out of its shell?
24
What's a baby bat called?
Pup
Who invented the dumbwaiter?
Thomas Jefferson
What is the fear of washing or bathing called?
ablutophobia
What is the fear of itching called?
acarophobia
What is the fear of darkness called?
achluophobia
What is the fear of noise called?
acousticophobia
What is the fear of heights called?
acrophobia
What is the fear of flying called?
aeruophobia
What is the fear of pain called?
agliophobia
What is the fear of people called?
anthrophobia
What is the fear of spiders called?
arachnophobia
What is the fear of fire called?
arsonphobia
What is the fear of thunder called?
ceraunophobia
What is the fear of dentists called?
dentophobia
What is the fear of cats called?
felinophobia
What is the fear of water called?
hydrophobia
What is the fear of death called?
necrophobia
What is the fear of birds called?
ornithophobia
What is the fear of one's own fears called?
phobophobia
What is the fear of poison called?
toxiphobia
What is the fear of animals called?
zoophobia
What do you call a group of antelopes?
herd
What do you call a group of ants?
colony
What do you call a group of bees?
swarm
What do you call a group of chicken?
brood
What do you call a group of cobra?
quiver
What do you call a group of coyotes?
band
What do you call a group of dogs?
pack
What do you call a group of emus?
mob
What do you call a group of locusts?
plague
What do you call a group of monkeys?
troop
What do you call a group of rabbits?
nest
What do you call a group of sheep?
flock
What do you call a group of wolves?
pack
What do you call a young bear?
cub
What do you call a young cat?
kitten
What do you call a young cow?
calf
What do you call a young dog?
puppy
What do you call a young duck?
duckling
What do you call a young fish?
fry
What do you call a young fox?
cub
What do you call a young goat?
kid
What do you call a young goose?
gosling
What do you call a young lion?
cub
What do you call a young rabbit?
bunny
What do you call a young zebra?
foal
What's the trademark name for solid carbon dioxide?
Dry Ice
Who invented the zipper?
Whitcomb L. Judson
Which curved spectrum of light appears when both the elements of sunshine and rainfall present?
rainbow
Which light does the moon reflect, making it shine?
sun[
'
s]
What is 13 times 13?
169
What is 12 times 9?
108
What is 150 divided by 3 plus 12?
62
What is 10 times 10 plus 10 minus 100?
10
Which famous physician lived from 1879 to 1955?
Albert Einstein
Who was the father of biogeography?
alfred wallace
What phylum to humans belong to?
chordata
What order is the only extant order of the subclass prototheria?
monotremata
What is the subclass of amphibia that includes all extant forms today?
lissamphibia
What is the genus of our only surviving crossopterygiian fish?
latimeria
What is the common name of the legless amphibians of the order apoda?
caecilians
The jawbone of all mammals is made up of how many bones?
one
"Ontogony recapitulates phylogony" is a statement of what law?
Haekel's Law
Species of organisms that are morphologically very similiar,but won't interbreed are said to be what type of species?
cryptic
"Sea squirts" belong to what subphylum?
urochordata
What fossilized reptile/archaeornithes,toothed?&?feathered creature was found in a Bavarian slate quarry?
archaeopteryx
Arachnids have how many legs?
8
Ancyclostoma caninum is the scientific name for what common parasite?
hookworm
Enterobius vermicularis is the scientific name for this common parasite of people.?
pinworm
Diphyllobothrium latum is the scientific name for what common parasite?
fish tapeworm
Xenopsylla cheopis is the scientific name for what "bouncy" parasite?
rat flea
What is the scientific name of the african eye worm?
Loa loa
What type of fly spreads the african sleeping sickness?
Tsetse fly
This flagellated protozoan intestinal parasite has caused grief to many travellers of 3rd world countries via contaminated water?
Giardia
What is the only "truly" biologically important taxonomic classification?
species
If your profession was one of studying snakes,what would your title be?
herpetologist
These types of organisms have the strongest musculature of any living thing.?
arthropods
All modern day birds belong to class aves;what is their subclass?
neornithes
The process of a particular group of organisms genetic change through time is referred to as what?
anagenesis
a computer byte is made up of how many bits?
8
Canis latrans is the scientific name of what common species?
coyote
What is the name of the glands on a beaver,used for terriorial markings?
castor
What is one of a striped skunk's few natural predators that is unphased by the noxious spray?
owl
What particular gland has been measured to discern classification between mule deer,whitetail deer and their hybrids?
metatarsal gland
True or false? Only new world monkeys have prehensile tails
True
What type of pupil does a red fox have?
elliptical pupil
Temporal fenestra or "holes in the head" are the key features used in classifying what class of chordates?
reptilia
The retention of juvenile characteristics in adult descendents defines what scientifically important word?
paedomorphosis
Who came up with the theory of particulate inheritance, hence is known as the father of genetics?
Mendel
Sciurus niger is the scientific name for what common rodent?
fox squirrel
Boophilus annulatus is a species of tick that carried what devasting sickness in texas cattle up until the early 1900's?
red water fever
Fasciola hepatica is fluke that can exceed 2 inches in length.this parasite commonly affects people and resides in what organ?
liver
"Roundworms" is a common name for this group of organisms.a more proper title would be what?
Nematodes
Cimex lectularis is the scientific name for what parasitic pest of people?
Bedbug
What genus of mosquito with banded legs is most responsible for transmitting the west nile virus?
Aedes
"Sparrow hawk" is a common name for this tiny raptor. Its proper common name is what?
Kestrel
True or false? Otters are almost exclusively monogamous and will usually only select a new mate if their partner dies?
true
What is a baby owl know as?
chick
What is fera of heights called?
agoraphobia
Consequences of excessive application of chemical fertilizers?
It may spoil the plant
what is the name of a baby skunk?
straggler ?
What's the name of the first spacecraft invented.?
Apollo
What do you call the fear of eating baked beans?
Fartphobia
What is young of the Zebra called?
Baby Zebra
What is young one of Cow called?
Baby Cow
What do Selenologists study?
The moon
What is the point of no return for anything going into a black hole called?
Event Horizon
What is the smallest type of blood vessel?
capillary
What is the largest artery in the body?
Aorta
What chemical carries the oxygen in the blood?
hemoglobin
What nerve is involved in Carpal Tunnel?
Median
What is the longest bone in the body?
Femur
What is the largest organ in the body?
Skin
At 66.1 tons, where was the largest meteorite found on Earth?
Namibia
An electron has what type of charge?
negative
What chemist first used letters as symbols for elements?
Jons Berzelius
Can you identify the former IBM scientist who discovered what is regarded by some to be the most beautiful mathematical picture in the world?
Benoit Mandelbrot
In what country did Leo Baekeland invent plastic in 1907?
belgium
true or false are nematodes the smallest amphibian? ?
true
Who discovered the dna molecule was a double helix?
carl sagan
It was the age of dinosaurs. during which era of geologic time did dinosaurs dominated the world?
mesozoic
what do you call a baby bird?
chicks
what do you call young wolf pups?
pups
What is the largest animal on earth?
Blue Whale
